I know nothing.
I haven’t seen anything.
I’m clearly clueless.
I don’t have anything to add.
I’ll let you know if I come up with anything.
There isn’t anything worth mentioning.
This whole process is ridiculous.
Is it true that the infected forfeit their pay?
I don’t want to get infected.
I just want to get this process over with.
Can we just forget about this whole thing?
Why don’t they let us talk about our qualifications?
I think the infected are working against us.
This is clearly a concerted effort to get us all sick.
I don’t care if the company taxes my hazard pay.
I haven’t worked it all out quite yet.
The information is coming soon.
I feel that we’re almost there.
Do you think I’ll be granted homestead privileges when I get there?
My family will be disappointed.
I left my son on Earth.
I don’t think we’re going to make it off this spacecraft.
At least the rations don’t taste like dirt, right?
I joined the military for this?
They should just turn this ship right around.
There are people that don’t want to see us succeed.
These cheap air filters aren’t doing us much good.
There’s a plot afoot.
Why are you so calm?
The company doesn’t pay me enough for this crap.
Crap food, crap pay, now crap medical conditions.
Didn’t they come up with a cure for the Scum?
I think we should just hibernate them all.
We aren’t all going to make it, are we?
I deserve hazard pay for this.
Another day, another failure!
I’m tempted to just put myself into hibernation.
What do you expect me to tell you?
Have you tried just guessing?
What's your strategy anyway?
What game are you playing at?
I suppose you just need to think on this.
What have we come to? We're animals.
It disgusts me that you are asking me to choose.
I refuse to participate in this matter.
No one really has suspected you for anything ehh?
Documentation, documentation, documentation.
People have been saying some silly stuff huh?
Have you jacked in lately?
This Scum thing is just a bunch of malarky.
I feel you would tell me the truth if I asked.
I think the consoles are reading red.
Space travel is so boring.
If we wait long enough, this thing will pass.
Excuse me!
How rude!
Hmmph!
It's tempting to just vote for people I hate.
What excuses you from suspicion?
Just because you're in charge doesn't mean you win.
My friends agree with me.
How much does a bat and a ball cost?
If an infection doubles in size every day...
Someone needs to check out those boosters.
Engineering has another problem. Again!
I'm sick and tired of this gadaammed Scum!
Wake me when the questions are over.
